This is one of the old Frog songs, among the oldest songs in existence.
This is sung by May Kennedy McCord, Springfield, Missouri, June the 5th, 1939.
Frog went a-courtin and he did right.
Sing-song-pally-catch-a-ki-me-o.
A sword and a pistol by his side.
He-mo-ki-mo-dare-o-where-o-me-cum-a-ho-cum-a-ho-cum-a-rum-a-dee-diz-a-woodle-woodle-dip-a-catch-a-bugs-sing-a-song-a-pally-catch-a-ki-me-o.
He rode till he came to the mouse's door.
Sing-song-pally-catch-a-ki-me-o.
Said he, Miss Mouse, are you within?
He-mo-ki-mo-dare-o-where-o-me-cum-a-ho-cum-a-ho-cum-a-rum-a-dee-diz-a-woodle-woodle-dip-a-catch-a-bugs-sing-a-song-a-pally-catch-a-ki-me-o.
Oh, he took the mouse up on his knees. Sing-song-pally-catch-a-ki-me-o. Says he, my dear will you marry me? Sing-song-pally-catch-a-ki-me-o.
I first must ask Mr. Rat's consent. Sing-song-pally-catch-a-ki-me-o. Or else I would not live content. Sing-song-pally-catch-a-ki-me-o.
He-mo-ki-mo-dare-o-where-o-me-cum-a-ho-cum-a-ho-cum-a-rum-a-dee-diz-a-woodle-woodle-dip-a-catch-a-bugs-sing-a-song-a-pally-catch-a-ki-me-o.
Oh, where will the wedding supper be? Sing-song-pally-catch-a-ki-me-o.
Down in the letter by the white old tree. Sing-song-pally-catch-a-ki-me-o.
He-mo-ki-mo-dare-o-where-o-me-cum-a-ho-cum-a-ho-cum-a-rum-a-dee-diz-a-woodle-woodle-dip-a-catch-a-bugs-sing-a-song-a-pally-catch-a-ki-me-o.
Oh, what what will we have for the wedding supper?
Sing-song-pally-catch-a-ki-me-o.
Two black beans and bread and butter.
He-mo-ki-mo-dare-o-where-o-me-cum-a-ho-cum-a-ho-cum-a-rum-a-dee-diz-a-woodle-woodle-dip-a-catch-a-bugs-sing-a-song-a-pally-catch-a-ki-me-o.
Oh, Mr. Rat begun to sing.
Sing-song-pally-catch-a-ki-me-o.
The old cat and kitten come a-tumbling in.
He-mo-ki-mo-dare-o-where-o-me-cum-a-ho-cum-a-ho-cum-a-rum-a-dee-diz-a-woodle-woodle-dip-a-catch-a-bugs-sing-a-song-a-pally-catch-a-ki-me-o.